extend illegal instruction docs (#538)
hpcugent/vsc_user_docs: mkdocs/docs/HPC/troubleshooting.md

This might result in the same problems as mentioned above. When swapping
to a different cluster, you can run `module purge` to unload all modules
to avoid problems (see [Purging all modules](../running_batch_jobs/#purging-all-modules)).

### Multi-job submissions on a non-default cluster

When using multi-job submissions, it could be possible you get following error when you try to run it on a non-default cluster.

<pre><code>$ <b> wsub</b>

> /apps/gent/RHEL8/skylake-ib/software/worker/1.6.13-iimpi-2021b/bin/wsub: line 27: 2152510 <b>Illegal instruction</b>     (core dumped) ${PERL} ${DIR}/../lib/wsub.pl "$@"

Reviewer: Avoid using a specific version (or even OS/CPU arch), since this will go out of data in no time:

```suggestion
/apps/gent/.../.../software/worker/.../bin/wsub: line 27: 2152510 <b>Illegal instruction</b>     (core dumped) ${PERL} ${DIR}/../lib/wsub.pl "$@"

</code></pre>

> When executing the `module swap cluster/…` command, you are not only changing your environment to submit to the other cluster, but also to use the part of the central software stack that is specific to that cluster. The latter means that you are running a worker on top of a Perl installation that is optimized specifically for the CPUs in that cluster workernodes. That installation is not compatible with the CPUs of the login nodes, which explains the "Illegal instruction" error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing the `module swap cluster` command, you are not only changing your session environment to submit
to that specific cluster, but also to use the part of the central software stack that is specific to that cluster.
In the case of the Worker example above, the latter implies that you are running the `wsub` command
on top of a Perl installation that is optimized specifically for the CPUs of the workernodes of that cluster,
which may not be compatible with the CPUs of the login nodes, triggering the "`Illegal instruction`" error.

> The cluster modules are split up into several "submodules" to help deal with this problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster modules are split up into several `env/*` "submodules" to help deal with this problem.

> By using `module swap env/slurm/<submit cluster>` instead of `module swap cluster/<submit cluster>` (starting from the default environment where the default cluster is loaded), you can update your environment to submit jobs to the `<submit cluster>`, while still using the software installations that are specific to the default cluster (which are compatible with the login nodes since the default cluster workernodes have the same CPUs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, by using `module swap env/slurm/donphan` instead of `module swap cluster/donphan` (starting from the default environment where the default cluster is loaded), you can update your environment to submit jobs to `donphan`, while still using the software installations that are specific to the default cluster (which are compatible with the login nodes since the default cluster workernodes have the same CPUs).
The same goes for the other clusters as well, of course.

!!! Example

>     if you want to submit a worker job on a different cluster, please use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to submit a Worker job to the `donphan`, please use:
   ...
```

and adjust accordingly below, don't use `<submit cluster>` to avoid that people effectively use `<` and `>` in the command...

    <pre><code>$ <b>module swap env/slurm/<submit cluster\></b> </code></pre>
    instead of
    <pre><code>$ <b>module swap cluster/<submit cluster\></b> </code></pre>

> We recommend using a `module swap cluster/<cluster>` command after submitting. This to "reset" your environment to a sane state, since only having a different `env/slurm/...` module loaded can also lead to some surprises if you're not paying close attention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using a `module swap cluster` command after submitting the jobs.

This to "reset" your environment to a sane state, since only having a different `env/slurm` module loaded can also lead to some surprises if you're not paying close attention.

on top of a Perl installation that is optimized specifically for the CPUs of the workernodes of that cluster,
which may not be compatible with the CPUs of the login nodes, triggering the `Illegal instruction` error.

The cluster modules are split up into several `env/*` "submodules" to help deal with this problem.
For example, by using `module swap env/slurm/donphan` instead of `module swap cluster/donphan` (starting from the default environment, the `{{defaultcluster}}` cluster), you can update your environment to submit jobs to `donphan`, while still using the software installations that are specific to the `{{defaultcluster}}` cluster (which are compatible with the login nodes since the `{{defaultcluster}}` cluster workernodes have the same CPUs).
The same goes for the other clusters as well of course.

!!! Tip
    To submit a Worker job to a specific cluster, like the [`donphan` interactive cluster](interactive_debug.md) for instance, use:
    <pre><code>$ <b>module swap env/slurm/donphan</b> </code></pre>
    instead of
    <pre><code>$ <b>module swap cluster/donphan</b> </code></pre>

We recommend using a `module swap cluster` command after submitting the jobs.

> This to "reset" your environment to a sane state, since only having a different `env/slurm` module loaded can also lead to some surprises if you're not paying close attention.

Author: I changed the last sentence to this:

```
We recommend using a `module swap cluster` command after submitting the jobs. Additional information about this as well as more comprehensive details concerning the 'Illegal instruction' error can be accessed [here](troubleshooting.md#multi-job-submissions-on-a-non-default-cluster).
```
